But was that possible? Wasn't that just as impossible as the idea that the world had always existed?
They had learned at school that God created the world. Sophie tried to console herself with the thought that this was probably the best solution to the whole problem. 
But then she started to think again. 
She could accept that God had created space, but what about God himself? 
Had he created himself out of nothing? Again there was something deep down inside her that protested. 
Even though God could create all kinds of things, he could hardly create himself before he had a "self" to create with. 
So there was only one possibility left: God had always existed. 
But she had already rejected that possibility! Everything that existed had to have a beginning.
Oh, drat!She opened the two envelopes again.
Who are you?Where does the world come from?
What annoying questions! And anyway where did the letters come from? 
That was just as mysterious, almost.
Who had jolted Sophie out of her everyday existence and suddenly brought her face to face with the great riddles of the universe?
For the third time Sophie went to the mailbox. The mailman had just delivered the day's mail. 
Sophie fished out a bulky pile of junk mail, periodicals, and a couple of letters for her mother. 
There was also a postcard of a tropical beach. She turned the card over. 
It had a Nor-wegian stamp on it and was postmarked "UN Battalion." 
Could it be from Dad? But wasn't he in a completely different place? 
It wasn't his handwriting either.
Sophie felt her pulse quicken a little as she saw who the postcard was addressed to: "Hilde Moller Knag, c/o Sophie Amundsen, 3 Clover Close ..." 
The rest of the address was correct. 
Sophie raced back to the house and into the kitchen. 
Her mind was in a turmoil. Who was this "Hilde," whose fifteenth birthday was just a month before her own?
Sophie got out the telephone book. 
There were a lot of people called Moller, and quite a few called Knag. 
But there was nobody in the entire directory called Moller Knag.
She examined the mysterious card again. 
It certainly seemed genuine enough; it had a stamp and a postmark.
Why would a father send a birthday card to Sophie's address when it was quite obviously intended to go somewhere else? 
What kind of father would cheat his own daughter of a birthday card by purposely sending it astray? 
How could it be "the easiest way"? And above all, how was she supposed to trace this Hilde person?
So now Sophie had another problem to worry about. She tried to get her thoughts in order:
This afternoon, in the space of two short hours, she had been presented with three problems. 
The first problem was who had put the two white envelopes in her mailbox. 
The second was the difficult questions these letters contained. 
The third problem was who Hilde Moller Knag could be, and why Sophie had been sent her birthday card. 
She was sure that the three problems were interconnected in some way. 
They had to be, because until today she had lived a perfectly ordinary life.
he only thing we require to be good philosophers is the faculty of wonder...
Sophie was sure she would hear from the anonymous letter writer again. 
She decided not to tell anyone about the letters for the time being.
At school she had trouble concentrating on what the teachers said. 
They seemed to talk only about unimportant things. 
Why couldn't they talk about what a human being is--or about what the world is and how it came into being?
For the first time she began to feel that at school as well as everywhere else people were only concerned with trivialities. 
There were major problems that needed to be solved.
Did anybody have answers to these questions? 
Sophie felt that thinking about them was more important than memorizing irregular verbs.
When the bell rang after the last class, she left the school so fast that Joanna had to run to catch up with her.
After a while Joanna said, "Do you want to play cards this evening?"
Sophie shrugged her shoulders."I'm not that interested in card games any more."
Joanna looked surprised."You're not? Let's play badminton then."
Sophie stared down at the pavement--then up at her friend.
"I don't think I'm that interested in badminton either."
"You're kidding!"Sophie noticed the touch of bitterness in Joanna's tone.
"Do you mind telling me what's suddenly so important?"
Sophie just shook her head. "It's ... it's a secret."
"Yuck! You're probably in love!"
The two girls walked on for a while without saying anything.
When they got to the soccer field Joanna said, "I'm going across the field."
Across the field! It was the quickest way for Joanna, but she only went that way when she had to hurry home in time for visitors or a dental appointment.
Sophie regretted having been mean to her. 
But what else could she have said? That she had suddenly become so engrossed in who she was and where the world came from that she had no time to play badminton? Would Joanna have understood?
Why was it so difficult to be absorbed in the most vital and, in a way, the most natural of all questions?
She felt her heart beating faster as she opened the mailbox. 
At first she found only a letter from the bank and some big brown envelopes for her mother. 
Darn! Sophie had been looking forward to getting another letter from the unknown sender.
As she closed the gate behind her she noticed her own name on one of the big envelopes. 
Turning it over, she saw written on the back: "Course in Philosophy. Handle with care."
Sophie ran up the gravel path and flung her schoolbag onto the step. 
Stuffing the other letters under the doormat, she ran around into the back garden and sought refuge in the den.
This was the only place to open the big letter.
Sherekan came jumping after her but Sophie had to put up with that. 
She knew the cat would not give her away.
Inside the envelope there were three typewritten pages held together with a paper clip. Sophie began to read.
Lots of people have hobbies. 
Some people collect old coins or foreign stamps, some do needlework, others spend most of their spare time on a particular sport.
A lot of people enjoy reading. But reading tastes differ widely.
Some people only read newspapers or comics, some like reading novels, while others prefer books on astronomy, wildlife, or technological discoveries.
If I happen to be interested in horses or precious stones, I cannot expect everyone else to share my enthusiasm. 
If I watch all the sports programs on TV with great pleasure, I must put up with the fact that other people find sports boring.
Is there nothing that interests us all?
Is there nothing that concerns everyone--no matter who they are or where they live in the world? Yes, dear Sophie, there are questions that certainly should interest everyone. 
They are precisely the questions this course is about.
What is the most important thing in life?
If we ask someone living on the edge of starvation, the answer is food.
 If we ask someone dying of cold, the answer is warmth. 
 If we put the same question to someone who feels lonely and isolated, the answer will probably be the company of other people.
But when these basic needs have been satisfied--will there still be something that everybody needs? 
Philosophers think so. They believe that man cannot live by bread alone. Of course everyone needs food. 
And everyone needs love and care. But there is something else--apart from that--which everyone needs, and that is to figure out who we are and why we are here.
Being interested in why we are here is not a "casual" interest like collecting stamps. 
People who ask such questions are taking part in a debate that has gone on as long as man has lived on this planet. 
The best way of approaching philosophy is to ask a few philosophical questions:
How was the world created? Is there any will or meaning behind what happens? 
Is there a life after death? How can we answer these questions? 
And most important, how ought we to live? People have been asking these questions throughout the ages.
We know of no culture which has not concerned itself with what man is and where the world came from.
Basically there are not many philosophical questions to ask. 
We have already asked some of the most important ones. But history presents us with many different answers to each question. So it is easier to ask philosophical questions than to answer them.